Add procedures for tidal network example (#37)
QiufangMa/control-schedule-framework: draft-wqb-tvr-applicability.md

# TVR Use Cases with Code Example {#uc}

> ## Overview of Tidal Network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tidal Network
```

thereby reducing the energy consumption of nodes during periods of low network
traffic.

> ## Architecture Example in Tidal Network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Architecture Example
```

> As described in secion 3.1.2 of {{?I-D.ietf-tvr-requirements}},the locality of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in {{Section 3.1.2 of ?I-D.ietf-tvr-requirements}}, the locality of
```

> schedule generation can be Centralized Generation or Distributed Generation. Both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
schedule generation can be centralized or distributed. Both
```

of these two generation methods are applicable in Tidal Network.

> ### Architecture Example in Centralized Generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Centralized Generation
```

In the centralized schedule generation, the Schedule Service Requester in {{arch}}
can be network administrator, and the Scheduled Service Responder can be a network
controller or network management system. After generated schedules, the controller
or management system need to determine whether to distribute these schedules based
on the schedule Execution Locality defined in section 3.1.3 of{{?I-D.ietf-tvr-requirements}}.

> ### Architecture Example in Distributed Generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Distributed Generation
```

In the distributed schedule generation，the Schedule Service Requester in {{arch}}

> can be network administrator, and the Scheduled Service Responders are the network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be network controller, and the Scheduled Service Responders are the network
```

> devices, the relationship of network administrator and network devices are shown in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
devices, the relationship between network controller and network devices is shown in
```

{{arch-example}}. In this mode, the generation and execution of schedules are both

> on the same devices，so it does not involve the schedule distribution process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the same devices, so it does not involve the schedule distribution process.
```

    |                              |    |                              |
    +------------------------------+    +------------------------------+
~~~~
{: #arch-example title="An Architecture Example for Distributed Schedule Generation Scenario" artwork-align="center"}

### Example Procedures

#### Building traffic profiles

The first step to perform schedules in a tidal network is to analysis the traffic patterns at different
network devices and links comprehensively and then establishing clear tidal points for lower and upper
network traffic. It should be noted that the change regularity of traffic may different at different time
(for example the traffic regularity in workday and weekend may totally different), the selection of tidal
points should take full count of these factors. How to analyze the traffic patterns and determine the
tidal points are outside the scope of this document.

#### Estabilish Minimum and Peak Topology

An algorithm is required to calculate the minimum and peak topology to service expected demand at different
time slot. The calculation algorithm for the topology is outside the scope of this document.

> #### Generating Schedule

Reviewer: What is the relation between this section and above sections “Distributed Generation” and  “centralized Generation”？

Author: Both "Distributed Generation" and "Centralized Generation" need the same Schedule Generation Prodecures, the only difference between "Distributed Generation" and "Centralized Generation"  is that "Centralized Generation" may need to distribute schedules to the execution devices.
